Add guidance on how to kickoff the CSM <> TAM overlay (#16703)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/csm-tam-overlay-coverage.md

- Neither person responds because each assumed the other would
- TAM checks out on health because "the CSM handles that now"
- Customer has to explain the same thing twice

# **How to kick off the CSM <> TAM collaboration**

Both of you share the responsibility of making sure the other has enough context to be effective on the account.

## **Create an internal Slack channel**

> Create a channel using the naming convention `#customer-[customer_name]-internal`. Invite your counterpart, Dana, and Simon to the channel. If there's an FDE on the account, invite them too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a channel using the naming convention `#customer-[customer_name]-internal`. Invite your counterpart, respective Team Leads and Simon to the channel. If there's an FDE on the account, invite them too.
```

Reviewer: (we have multiple TAM team leads and will likely have more so future proofing a bit)
